Add NumberField to SliderField (#299)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/migration/partials/migration-guide-24.2.adoc

* No migration is necessary if the `format()` function is called with a single `Date` argument.
* If the second argument was set to `false`, it can simply be removed (that was the default, anyway).
* If the second argument was set to `true`, replace it with an options object with the `analyzeInfo` property set.

== Slider (Scout JS)

> The `Slider` is now rendered using multiple `<div>` instead of using the browser native `<input type="range">`. It's appearance may change and custom CSS might not work anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DOM structure of the `Slider` widget has changed.
Check your custom CSS styles and adjust them if necessary.
```

(Don't focus on what might not work anymore, but tell the reader what to do to fix it.)

> The `SliderField` has a number field to its right. To have the label back use: `valueEditable: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `SliderField` now shows an input field with the current value.
To show only the read-only label again, set `valueEditable: false`.
```
